Product Discovery Drop-in 2.0 (#413)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/product-discovery/containers/search-results.mdx

---
title: SearchResults container
description: Learn about the SearchResults container and configurations for the Product Discovery drop-in component v2.0.0.
---

import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';

> The `SearchResults` container is the primary container for displaying product search results and product information. It provides extensive customization options through slots, supports multiple scopes for isolated instances, and automatically handles loading states, error handling, and real-time updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SearchResults container shows products from a search. You can customize it with slots, run separate instances, and it takes care of loading, errors, and real-time updates.
```
